
ECE 4750 Group 09 [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/cornell-ece4750/lab-group09.svg?token=iujC79zTw1Tyskhn3uMp&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/cornell-ece4750/lab-group09)
==========================================================================

This is the code repository for your ECE 4750 lab assignments. You will
use this repository to collaborate with your group members, run
continuous integration tests, and submit each assignment. You can edit
this README by cloning the repository, using your favorite text editor,
and pushing your changes back to GitHub, or by using the following link:

 * https://github.com/cornell-ece4750/lab-group09/edit/master/README.md

### Group Members

Please update the following list of group members, including the NetIDs
for each group member.

 * Xiaokun Yu  (xy284)
 * Tianjie Sun (ts755)
 * Feng Qi     (fq26)

### Member Roles

For each lab assignment, each student will take on one of two specific
roles: RTL engineer or verification engineer. Students must take on both
roles over the course of labs 2-4. In addition, one student must be
designated as the architect for each lab. Each student must serve as the
architect at least once over the course of labs 2-4. The roles and
expectations of the architect are described in more detail in the lab
assignment assessment rubric. Students are required to keep the following
table of roles updated. Simply fill in the NetID of each student along
the top of the columns, and then for each lab identify which student took
on an RTL engineer role, which student took on a verification engineer
role, and which student was the architect.

 Lab   | ts755        | fq26         | xy284
 ------|--------------|--------------|--------------
 Lab 1 | Verification | Verification | RTL (architect)
 Lab 2 |              |              |
 Lab 3 |              |              |
 Lab 4 |              |              |
 Lab 5 |              |              |

### TravisCI Continuous Integration

We will be using TravisCI as our continuous integration service.
Continuous integration means all of the tests for your repository will be
run automatically every time you push to this repository. The current
status of these tests is shown as an image at the top of the README. If
the image says "failing" then your repository is currently failing one or
more tests; if the image says "passed" then your repository is passing
all tests. You can click on the image or on the following direct link to
go to the TravisCI build report to find out more about which tests are
passing or failing.

 * https://magnum.travis-ci.com/cornell-ece4750/lab-group09

### GitHub Issues and Wiki

GitHub has two integrated tools that students might find useful: an issue
tracker and a wiki. Both are available via links to the right of your
main repository GitHub page or via the following direct links:

 * https://github.com/cornell-ece4750/lab-group09/issues
 * https://github.com/cornell-ece4750/lab-group09/wiki

Consider using the GitHub issue tracker to track bugs you find in your
code or to manage tasks required to complete the lab assignment. You can
label issues, comment on issues, and attach them to commits. See the
following links for more information about GitHub issues:

 * https://guides.github.com/features/issues
 * https://help.github.com/articles/about-issues

Consider using the GitHub per-repository wiki to create task lists,
brainstorm design ideas, rapidly collaborate on text for the lab report,
or keep useful command/code snippets. See the following links for more
information about GitHub wikis:

 * https://guides.github.com/features/wikis
 * https://help.github.com/articles/about-github-wikis

### GitHub and Academic Integrity Violations

Students are explicitly prohibited from sharing their code with anyone
that is not within their group or on the course staff. This includes
making public forks or duplicating this repository on a different
repository hosting service. Students are also explicitly prohibited from
manipulating the Git history or changing any of the tags that are created
by the course staff. The course staff maintain a copy of all
repositories, so we will easily discover if a student manipulates a
repository in some inappropriate way. Normal users will never have an
issue, but advanced users have been warned.

Sharing code, manipulating the Git history, or changing staff tags will
be considered a violation of the Code of Academic Integrity. A primary
hearing will be held, and if found guilty, students will face a serious
penalty on their grade for this course. More information about the Code
of Academic Integrity can be found here:

 * http://www.theuniversityfaculty.cornell.edu/AcadInteg

### Magic Group Number for Lab 5

To ensure that lab group numbers stay private, we have provided each
group with a unique random number that is used when publishing the
results for lab 5. The unique random number for your group is:

 * 51
